feat(ccm): update resource ccm private ca for prepaid mode (#3717)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/ccm_private_ca.md

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the enterprise project ID.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

> * `charging_mode` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the flavor billing mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `charging_mode` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the billing mode of the private CA.
```
